Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)
I want
Kill all the monsters in the world
When I was six years old
Encountered a monster massacre
My mother also died because of this
I just followed my father into Dongning Mansion
Back to Meng's house
Only return to the Meng family
You can receive the best training
Only then can you enter Yuanchu Mountain
The Demon Slaying Conference is held every three years
It was decided by the mountain in the early Yuan Dynasty
first place
Meng Chuan
The demon star comes to the world
Since the Battle of Dongning Mansion
I can no longer use the power of Qi and thunder
because of my body
On the verge of collapse
During my coma
At the beginning of the Yuan Dynasty, people from the mountain came here
The foundation of your god has been damaged
Yuanchu Mountain is already known
If you really become a waste of blood
I will disqualify you from the trial
Refining the body with evil
Can I do it too?
Body Refining God
This is indeed a way to improve the physical body
The future King of Gods will be my chess piece
What an honor
god
I'm determined
Full fidelity
The voice of the sky
Three corpses to eat
Nine insects and filthy creatures
Luo Tianda
Flesh and blood soaring
dirty body
No audience allowed
This body training is too evil, right?
The fourth heaven begins
Also brings nightmares
He broke through to the fourth level of body training in three months.
The realm of rebirth, which is equivalent to the mundane realm
Well done
Really?
Keyan's letter said
All those guys in Yuanchu Mountain are in the Wuluo Realm
according to you
No matter what, I have to reach the sixth level of physical training.
Only by playing hard can you win.
how
you are afraid
Afraid
I'm afraid they won't be happy
old man
How about I do it instead?
You also go and take a rest
Need not
Old man, I'm used to it
If you take a nap now
Turn over the car
I didn’t go up the mountain in the early Yuan Dynasty
It’s better to go to the Yama Hall first.
Old man, I've been walking this road for half my life.
Never had a car flip over
I didn't expect you to be a master.
It seems that I don’t have to worry about people getting into trouble before they arrive at Yuanchu City.
Don't be so clumsy
Look
Come as you say
your opponent
opponent
This trial has already begun
It seems that the rules of Yuanchu City
You don't know much
rule
What rules
As long as you enter the boundary of Yuanchu City,
Candidates are not separated by time
Place
Anyone can fight privately
One point and one point
interesting
Then why don't you go first?
It's trivial
Old man me
He is also the master who escorted seven or eight gods.
Xiaoyulou
invisible arrow
old man
How are you, uncle?
Meng, don't be careless.
These are the killers of Xiaoyulou
Don't worry, old man
It will make you turn over
old man
Please take a rest first
They are all in the realm of rebirth
The real owner is not inside
Then I'll take it
warm up
this guy
Can move with the knife
I guess I asked you
You won’t say who your master is
Use the manifold method to convert the power of the soul (
Turn into running water
silk wrapping method
Fixed flow pattern
Then use your body to attract evil
The first style of Yuanyi Sword
Lan
I'm fine
You go quickly
Highland barley cake
Maybe it’s a specialty of the city in the early Yuan Dynasty
Why didn't you tell me who was behind the scenes?
I thought you'd like to try it
Less poor
Shut up
pony
That's their highland barley
Can't eat
Do you want help?
Need not
pony
It's not my fault
It stuck by itself
return
What are you eating?
spit it out
let it go
Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)
what sound
Tell you not to be greedy
OK now
Is this enough to compensate?
This is all I have with me now
if not enough
Follow me home to get it for you
Forget it
Just ate half of the cake
Are you here to participate in the Yuanchu Mountain trial?
I'll show you the way
What's your name?
My name is Ono
field of wildness
My name is Meng Chuan
You are Meng Chuan
how
you know me
they want to kill you
Those geniuses
They made a handicap
Bet you can't walk through the gate of Yuanchu City alive
Still breathing
Still angry
Yuan Shao
Where to stab it?
Kai
head head
neck
head
Right, right, right, head
Brain, right?
good
Chuan Shao
Resurrection can begin
Everyone is looking forward to it
Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)
friends
Rumors hurt people
Mr. Chuan, he is not immortal.
play music
deliver
Sichuan Shao returns to the west
Gather into Sichuan and return to the west
deliver
Sichuan Shao returns to the west
How about Mr. Chuan?
This welcome ceremony
Do you like it?
You are the only genius in Yuanchu City
Body refining waste at the end of the crane
The tone is not small.
What else do you know
I heard you are still a firecracker
Just one o'clock
Am I on fire?
You're about to explode
You nail clippers
I'm not happy
There is still a little more at the end of the crane
What a genius
Is it still fake and flawless?
The pinnacle of the seamless realm
ax force
pocket cut
No need to cut
Yuanyi knife second style
brilliant
wind
Array
Heaven outside the sky
for no reason
why target me
Meng Chuan
You betrayed the path of the god
Still dare to come and participate in the trial?
As long as you dare to step into Yuanchu City
everyone
everyone will want to kill you
because of you
Not worthy of being a god
Wrong
I practice individual
It's a betrayal
Do you dare to enter the game?
cold store
Welcome the first genius of Dongning Prefecture
Entering the city
Meng Chuan, right?
I'm responsible for picking up
Candidates entering the city
I am responsible for picking up candidates into the city.
July
Seven what seven
Xiaochuan is neither big nor small
Be respectful
Please call me Mr. Examiner
Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)
Okay, okay
Come with me quickly
grown ups
This city in the early Yuan Dynasty
Why is it so deserted?
This place originally existed for trials
This is
In the early Yuan Dynasty City
people who don't obey the rules
will all die
and
The path of the orthodox god does not allow those who practice physical training to offend
This is also the rule of Yuanchu City
They originally left me with the path to body refining
Sure enough, I have no good intentions.
Feelings break the rules
There were a total of 500 geniuses in this trial in Yuanchu City.
You are the only one who is the path to body refining
That is to say
you alone
I'm alone
Four hundred and ninety-nine to fight
I will crush Meng Chuan to death
I press too
And me
Who?
This is Meng Chuan
Meng Chuan
He is Meng Chuan
You threw it
Looking for death
The twenty-three states of the Zhou Dynasty
At least twenty people from each state came
Five hundred geniuses gathered in Yuanchu City
for what
What's the point of betting on Meng Chuan's life and death?
Better to bet
Who can become a god
do you have money you
You just destroyed two hundred thousand
Of course there is
electricity
Things like money
I have a lot
friend
There's only one
Depend on
Gambling is so boring
Not as good as us
Bet your life
Yan Baimao
Who is this guy?
The young master of the second aristocratic family of the Zhou Dynasty
Chu Yong, King of Yama
Ranked among geniuses
second
It's pretty good
City Lord
general
No trace of him found
Return to the city
Video translated by Team (GOGOANIME).
official website, (gogoanime21.eu.org)